I want to build a website in python flask, html, css and javascript. 
The website should be very simple. It would have a blue banner with the 
logo of the website on the right, then the title still on the right side, 
and on the left of the banner the menu buttons. 
On the home screen (menu: Home) the title will be repeated in the middle 
with a bigger font. The home screen will feature an explanation paragraph 
of the project. 
Second Menu is "Video selection". On the top of the page, a little 
explanation paragraph, then a container to drag&drop files with text in 
the middle of the container that says *line1*"Drag&Drop files or folders 
here"*line2*"Or select files or folders" with 'files' and 'folders' being 
a hyperlink. The page is meant to accept images and videos, with or 
without sound, but not sound alone. The page will have to either accept 
files and folders that 
are being dropped into the container while remembering that a dropped file
without a folder is in the "1-Parent" folder, and that a file from a 
folder is linked to its folder. Also a folder being dropped could store 
another folder. Parent-Child relations should be kept in a table of a 
database for all files. Also when folders are detected, their name 
should be changed. All folders at one same level should have a number 
as their first characters that represent the order they were dropped in, 
then a "-" sign. At the first level, 1-Default is the only folder that 
holds all files without folder and all dropped folders. So at level 2,
dropped folders start with "1-NameOfFolder" and then moving on to the
next folder would "2-NameOfFolder". Files appear after the folders. Also 
the name of each folder 
should contain no spaces and all new words should start with a capital 
letter. Dropped files do not need to wait on a "submit" action to be 
processed. They can be as soon as the user drops them (left mouse button 
released above the container). The container should be wide but not that 
long. Under the container will be another container that displays the 
current file organisation. as stated before there will always be a 
"1-Parent" folder to contain all the others, the default state of the 
file system is by showing the parent folder opened so that if a file is 
dropped, it appears at once. 
The description for file and folder selection is very similar, except 
on click of the word, the file system of the user should be shown so the 
user may select files or folders. Either it is possible to select files 
and folders at the same time, either not, I don't know what is 
technologically possible. On that you may decide if the user may or may 
not do that and thus if the hyperlinked words in the above container 
are one link" files and folders" or two separate links "files" or 
"folders" with each their restrictions on what they can accept. 
on the top of the file system container, a thin banner should display
options. Options are "remove", "display", "hide", "preview". By default 
when a file or folder gets added, the name is displayed in the file system
as stated above. It also by default receives the status "display=1" in 
the database. Visually, files and folders with that status are highlighted
in lime in the file system. If a folder has the status display=1 then it 
means all its files have the status display=1. that rule goes both ways:
if al files in a folder have status display=1 then the folder has status
display=1. If status of display is 0 in the database for a file, then in 
the file system it should be highlighted red. This implies: files and 
folders in the file system container should be selecteable. If the user 
clicks on the name of one then it should be put in a blue transparent 
rectangle with a blue stroke. Clicking again on a selected file deselects 
it, meaning the blue rectangle dissapears. Also there should be a table 
in the database called "Selected" that gets updated whenever we select 
or deselect a file. Performing an action on selected file(s) deselects 
them all after the action has been performed. Actions are those specified
in the banner ("remove", "display", "hide", "preview"). So a left click 
selects a file, a right click selects it and displays a pop-up window 
next to the mouse. In that little pop-up window you can see the actions
displayed vertically. Clicking on "display" action either in the pop-up
window either in the banner updates the "display" status of the selected 
files and folders to 1 and highlights them in the correct color. Clicking 
on "hide" action either in the pop-up window either in the banner 
updates the "display" status of the selected files and folders to 0 and 
highlights them in the correct color. Clicking on "remove" displays a 
pop-up window thats says "Do you really wish to remove these files and 
folders from the database?" with "yes" and "no" buttons. Default focus 
should be on "no". The pop-up window should be displayed in the middle 
of the screen. If the user clicks on "no" then simply close the pop-up
window. The selected files and folders should keep being selected. If 
the user clicks on "yes" then deselect all selected files and folders
and delete all information on the selected files and folders in the 
database as well as the selected files and folders themselves. Only then 
should you delete the entry of those files in the "selected" table of the 
database. Clicking on "Preview" action either in the pop-up window 
either in the banner opens a pop-up window at 3/4 of the size of the 
screen, centered in the middle, and displays the file. If it is a picture,
just display it in the right ratio , if it is a video, play it in the 
right ratio. For a video, there should be a progress bar, on the left of
it display the time elapsed, on the right of it, display the remaining
time. 